Where can I find more information about Lambton college?
For more information on Lambton College is here<a href="https://www.lambtoncollege.ca/">here</a> Click on link.

Is there any facility of Hospital?
Yes, In Lambton Hospital facility is available.

What is the full form of Lambton?
Lambton College of Science and Technology.

How many Programs are there?
Lambton College offers over 90 study programs to applicants worldwide ranging in over 8 fields of study.

How many institutes are there in Engineering & Technology?
There are 3 institutes : 1. Toronto 2. Mississauga 3. Sarnia(main)

How many Institutes are there in Lambton?
1.LCIT 2.LCIM 3.Lambton College(Sarnia-main campus)

Is hostel available?
Yes, Lambton campus has hostels.

How many seats available in different departments in DEPSTAR?
DEPSTAR has total intake of 300 Seats with Computer Engineering (120 seats), Computer Science & Engineering (120 seats) and Information Technology (60 seats).

How many seats available in different departments in CSPIT?
Started with 240 seats with four Bachelor Degree Engineering Programs in the year 2000, the institute now has total intake of 690 seats in 7 programs of Bachelor Degree and 108 seats of Post Graduate Degree.

Which branch for IT in LAMBTON?
Total 3 branch: Information Technology(IT) ,Computer Science & Engineering(CSE) and Computer Engineering(CE).

Which program offered for IT in lcit?
Total 7 branch: Information Technology(IT) ,Computer Science & Engineering(CSE), Computer Engineering(CE) ,Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering , Mechanical Engineering , Electronics & Communication(EC)

How many experience of faculty?
The average experience of faculties is more than 6 years in Teaching, Industry and Research Domain.

Who is patronized lambton? 
lambton is public college of ontario

What is managed by lambton?
The institute is managed through a think tank of technocrats, administrators, scientists and engineers, educationalists, businessmen, stakeholders and other well-wishers from all parts of the world.

What is lambton?
Lambton Institute of Advance Technology and Research (lambton) is a constituent of Lambton.it will be an institute with advanced infrastructure, distinguished faculty, networking with global institutes and implementing most modern processes.

How many companies come for placement?
More than 20 companies are come like metro, rbc, adani, Jeavio, TVTV, Samsung, Crest Data Systems etc.,

When lcit is established?
Lambton College is a Canadian post secondary institution located in Sarnia, Ontario with additional campuses in Toronto and Mississauga. The college was established in 1969 and has ever since grown to enroll over 3500 full time students.

How many percentage students take placements in lambton?
80% students take placements.

How many percentage students take placements in lambton?
2000+ students take placements.

How many faculty is there in lcit and lambton?
More than 150.

What is Lambton?
Lambton is one of the best college of Ontario, offers 72 programs ranging from Undergraduate to Postgraduate under the tutelage of 3 Institutes, 6 Faculties, various Centers / Cells.

How many strength of Employees and Students?
An employee strength of 550+, student strength of more than 7500.

Is There is any festival is celebrating or not?
Yes, There are many festival celebrating like Vrund , cognizance, spoural etc.,

Who is the Principal of Lambton?
Michael Vourakes - Director, Lambton College in Toronto - Cestar College of Business, Health and Technology

What is the capacity of Hostels?
The hostels have a housing capacity for 300 students. 

What are the facilities in hostel?
AC as well Non AC accommodation is available at these Hostels.Gymnasium, Badminton and Volleyball Courts, Indoor sport like Table Tennis, Chess and Carom, separate facilities for viewing TV and reading newspapers and magazines and facilitation for celebration of various days/festivals by the hostel residents.Wholesome, nutritious food is available in the mess.Internet and Wi-Fi facility with computers, Housekeeping service and Security is also there.

Is Student's Care facility in hostel?
Yes, Facilities for medical emergencies. Resident rector and warden look after the students staying in the hostels.

Transportation is there?
Lambton has entered into contracts with different Transits of GTA for providing the commuting transport facilities to the students. Buses ply from Toronto city, Suburbs(Etobicoke, Scarborough and North york), Mississauga and Brampton every day.

What is the address of college?
Lambton college of Science and Technology, Located at 1457 London Rd, Sarnia, ON N7S 6K4

lambton Contact No.?
Lambton's contact info can be found here<a href="https://www.lambtoncollege.ca/Contact/Contact_Us/">link</a>

Where can I find Map of Lambton college?
Lambton map is <a href="https://www.lambtoncollege.ca/Contact/Maps_and_Directions/Campus_Maps/">here</a> Click on link.